24 - adding - SSH (#55)
The-Mycelium-Network/webworkbook: content/topics/protocols/index.md

* [SFTP-SSH Academy](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/protocol)
* [GeeksforGeeks: Difference between FTPS and SFTP](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-ftps-and-sftp/)
* [SmartFile: The Difference Between SFTP & FTPS and Why It Matters](https://www.smartfile.com/blog/difference-between-sftp-ftps/)

> ### SSH **Secure Shell**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSH (Secure Shell)
```

> SSH provides a secure method to remotely login from one  computer to another. There are strong alternative options that are used for authentication, along with a strong encryption it protects the integrity of the communications. SSH is used in conjunction with the SFTP protocol, due to the high level of security it provides. This protocol is used in a corporate network in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH provides a secure method to remotely login from one computer to another, with several alternative options for authentication, along with a strong encryption to protect the integrity of the communications. SSH is used in conjunction with the SFTP protocol, due to the high level of security it provides. This protocol is used in a corporate network in the following ways:
```

The first half of this paragraph seemed a bit truncated. Does it read better now?

> SSH provides a secure method to remotely login from one  computer to another. There are strong alternative options that are used for authentication, along with a strong encryption it protects the integrity of the communications. SSH is used in conjunction with the SFTP protocol, due to the high level of security it provides. This protocol is used in an corporate network in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH provides a secure method to remotely login from one  computer to another. There are strong alternative options that are used for authentication, along with a strong encryption it protects the integrity of the communications. SSH is used in conjunction with the SFTP protocol, due to the high level of security it provides. This protocol is used in a corporate network in the following ways:
```

* It gives automated processes and network users secure access;
* File transfer in and around the companies network;
* Remote commands can be securely issued if something needs to be done remotely;

> * Managing network infrastructure and other mission-critical system components.

Reviewer: I think this bit is too much similar to the reference (and probably harder to understand):
> The protocol is used in corporate networks for:
> - providing secure access for users and automated processes
> - interactive and automated file transfers
> - issuing remote commands
> - managing network infrastructure and other mission-critical system components.

I'm of the opinion of quoting verbatim if we will only move some words around, even if we are referencing the source. So, maybe we could use simpler examples and paraphrase it to a paragraph instead of a list. Something like:

> In corporate networks, SSH protocol can be used to guarantee secure access for users and allow issuing remote commands. A strong authentication protocol is also key for running automated processes and file transfers without risking an invasion or data breach.

@schalkneethling I think we need your input in this one!

> * It gives automated processes and network users secure access
> * File transfer in and around the companies network
> * Remote commands can be securely issued if something needs to be done remotely
> *  Managing network infrastructure and other mission-critical system components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It gives automated processes and network users secure access;
* File transfer in and around the companies network;
* Remote commands can be securely issued if something needs to be done remotely;
* Managing network infrastructure and other mission-critical system components.
```
